buses Mythbusters Naga side to dump them
by discovery okay hello so it seems that
if you use a smartphone camera and
pointing at it you can see light or
something like that so we're just we're
gonna test it up okay then let's take a
look at this and you like okay ready
just like what happens yeah okay when we
do this so for example actually we can't
see a line see see you can see there's
no line connecting over there um yeah
that's it
so what we're going to do for this
emphasis so we blow a balloon and so we
cut this lemon into a little sighs and
so okay and then what we'll do is we'll
squeeze the lemon juice and then so it
will eventually explode so that's like
that's what some people say so it's just
gonna test it out Mythbusters lodgings
but not not sponsored by discovery looks
like a pair now this is the biggest I
can't buy it here Hey okay I'm gonna fit
lemon juice for a certain the first one
we only need it like when I tried and I
was just like they did and then so I
thought oh my god I did and so sure that
second others and it didn't really
explode that fast so we need to use at
45 consists and then so and there was
like one last piece so I was eating it
inside 10 holiday my lemon